[JS] Preparing CTE for the GA (#21571)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/communication/communication-identity/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.1.0(Unreleased)

### Features Added

> - Added support to build custom Teams endpoint using M365 Teams identities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support to build a custom Teams endpoint using Microsoft 365 Teams identities:
```
